[Doc Feature][Update media capability][2291399] (#6074)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/concepts/device-capabilities/mobile-camera-image-permissions.md

For effective integration, you must have a good understanding of [code snippets](#code-snippets) for calling the respective APIs, which allow you to use native media capabilities. It is important to familiarize yourself with the [API response errors](#error-handling) to handle the errors in your Teams app.

## Advantages

The following scenarios showcase the advantages of media capabilities:

* Leverages native Teams controls to provide a rich and immersive experience to your users.

* Allows the user to create logo design with rough mockups on whiteboard in the cell phone and post a poll with scans of whiteboard designs as poll options on the group chat in Teams.

> * Allows the user to scan the physical documents from the smartphone to claim a car insurance to the insurance company.

Reviewer: resolved

> [!NOTE]
>
> * Currently, Teams doesn't support device permissions for multi-window apps, tabs, and the meeting side panel.</br>
> * The device permissions are different in the browser. For more information, see [browser device permissions](browser-device-permissions.md).
> * The request permissions prompt is automatically displayed on mobile when a relevant Teams API is initiated. For more information, see [request device permissions](native-device-permissions.md).

# [Mobile](#tab/mobile)

> The `selectMedia` API allows the user to capture or select media on mobile using the following steps:
> 
> You can capture or select media using any one of the following:
> 
> * Select **Camera**, then select **PHOTO** to capture the image, and select **Done**
> * Select **Open photo library** to pick images as attachments from your device, and select **Done**
> 
> <!-- ![device camera and image experience in Teams](../../assets/images/tabs/image-capability.png) -->
> 
> :::image type="content" source="~/assets/images/tabs/media-capability-mobile2.png" alt-text="Illustration shows the image capability for mobile." border="true":::
> 
> The `selectMedia` API for microphone capability allows user to record audio on mobile using the following steps:
> 
> 1. Select **Record description**.
> 1. The recording bar shows progression at the bottom of the mobile.
> 1. Recorded audio gets returned back to the app.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following image depicts the web app experience of 'selectMedia' API for the image capability:

<!-- ![device camera and image experience in Teams](../../assets/images/tabs/image-capability.png) -->

:::image type="content" source="~/assets/images/tabs/media-capability-mobile2.png" alt-text="Illustration shows the image capability for mobile." border="true":::

The following image depicts the web app experience of 'selecttMedia' API for the microphone capability:

```

* Use native **gallery support** to allow users to **select device images** as attachments.
* Use native **image viewer control** to **preview multiple images** at one time.
* Support **large image transfer** (from 1 MB to 50 MB) through the SDK bridge.
* Support **advanced image capabilities** by allowing users to preview and edit images.
* Scan documents, whiteboard, and business cards through the camera.
  
> [!IMPORTANT]
>
> * The `selectMedia`, `getMedia`, and `viewImages` APIs can be invoked from multiple Teams surfaces, such as task modules, tabs, and personal apps. For more details, see [Entry points for Teams apps](../extensibility-points.md).</br>

> > * The microphone and audio properties support `selectMedia` API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `selectMedia` API supports both camera and microphone capabilities through different input configurations.
```
